hello youtubers today I'm going to be
changing the battery on my fossil watch
and what you're going to need of course
battery
this one is a 371 which is what I'm
going to need for this particular watch
and a non-marring mallet I guess and a
little pin remover for the pins on the
wristband and that's also used to size
your watch so and this one is a kind of
wrench type tool to remove the back off
your watch there so first what I'm going
to do just clear my work area and I'm
going to make this easier for the video
I'm going to remove a pin
so just back it out
once you get it lined up go ahead and
push your pin through and that pushes it
out just far enough where you can pull
it out set that aside don't lose it
this will now expose the back of my
watch which now I will take this French
size it up and unscrew the back now this
doesn't apply to every single watch in
the world but it does to mine that's
kind of gross a lot of gunk in there
so your back cover
here's the inside of the watch just need
to remove this plastic thing and just I
need another tool here a small
screwdriver to pop the battery out
there's a little spring loaded on catch
over here so if you push it back it will
help you get the battery out and to
verify the number model number of the
battery it's on the back here I don't
think you'll be able to see it but it's
a 371 take your new battery and pop it
back in
go ahead and pull out a relief back my
fingers are too fat
oh that's upset
Wow harder than I thought
okay don't use your fingers use a
screwdriver alright so the things should
be moving now
secondhand we put everything back
carefully this one's kind of keyed so
the adjustment dial can reach through
there
okay we're good there
I need your back cover back on make sure
you're not cross threading it so justly
do it with your hand until it doesn't go
anymore
and then you can use your tool close it
up
okay try not to scratch it looks okay so
now we're going to put the pin back in
I'm gonna put it in you can use your
little plastic mallet and drive it the
rest of the way in there you have it
replace the battery I'm not a
professional so there's always more than
one way to do something these tools I
purchased I believe I purchased them off
eBay for like five bucks it also came
with some other tools like screwdriver
and speed on those pliers this little
blade thing which some of the backs of
watches they just you just get
underneath there and pry it off but this
one has a little points where the tool
will go
and so that's how you know how to
unscrew it so if there aren't any of
these little indexing marks then
probably could just use this and pop off
the back
thanks for watching this YouTube if you
got any of your own tips and stuff go
ahead and post them down below and
thanks for watching and have a nice day